c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\IhorsSlaves.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\IhorsSlaves.pdb
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\obj\Debug\IhorsSlaves.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\obj\Debug\IhorsSlaves.dll
c:\users\arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\obj\Debug\IhorsSlaves.pdb
C:\Users\Arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Ninject.pdb
C:\Users\Arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\NLog.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\NLog.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\IhorsSlaves.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\IhorsSlaves.pdb
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\NLog.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\NLog.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\obj\Debug\IhorsSlaves.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\obj\Debug\IhorsSlaves.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\obj\Debug\IhorsSlaves.pdb
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\obj\Debug\IhorsSlaves.Migrations.AddRequiredToComment.resources
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\obj\Debug\IhorsSlaves.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Content\skel-noscript.css
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Content\style-n1.css
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Content\style.css
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\IhorsSlaves.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\IhorsSlaves.pdb
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\NLog.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Spatial.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\NLog.xml
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Spatial.xml
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\obj\Debug\IhorsSlaves.Migrations.AddRequiredToComment.resources
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\obj\Debug\IhorsSlaves.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\obj\Debug\IhorsSlaves.dll
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\obj\Debug\IhorsSlaves.pdb
E:\MyProjects\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\obj\Debug\IhorsSlaves.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\Content\skel-noscript.css
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\Content\style-n1.css
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\Content\style.css
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\IhorsSlaves.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\IhorsSlaves.pdb
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\NLog.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\NLog.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\obj\Debug\IhorsSlaves.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\obj\Debug\IhorsSlaves.Migrations.AddRequiredToComment.resources
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\obj\Debug\IhorsSlaves.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\obj\Debug\IhorsSlaves.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\obj\Debug\IhorsSlaves.pdb
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Content\skel-noscript.css
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Content\style-n1.css
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Content\style.css
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\IhorsSlaves.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\IhorsSlaves.pdb
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\NLog.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Spatial.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\NLog.xml
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Spatial.xml
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\obj\Debug\IhorsSlaves.Migrations.AddRequiredToComment.resources
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\obj\Debug\IhorsSlaves.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\obj\Debug\IhorsSlaves.dll
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\obj\Debug\IhorsSlaves.pdb
D:\Git\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\obj\Debug\IhorsSlaves.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\SmartGit\IhorsSlaves\bin\IhorsSlaves.dll.config
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Content\skel-noscript.css
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Content\style-n1.css
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Content\style.css
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ActionMailer.Net.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ActionMailer.Net.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ActionMailer.Net.pdb
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ActionMailer.Net.xml
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ActionMailer.Net.Mvc.pdb
C:\Users\Arsen\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ActionMailer.Net.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Content\skel-noscript.css
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Content\style-n1.css
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Content\style.css
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\IhorsSlaves.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\IhorsSlaves.pdb
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ActionMailer.Net.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ActionMailer.Net.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\NLog.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ActionMailer.Net.xml
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ActionMailer.Net.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\NLog.xml
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\obj\Debug\IhorsSlaves.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\obj\Debug\IhorsSlaves.Migrations.AddRequiredToComment.resources
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\obj\Debug\IhorsSlaves.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\obj\Debug\IhorsSlaves.dll
C:\Users\Slavik\Documents\GitHub\IhorsSlaves\IhorsSlaves\obj\Debug\IhorsSlaves.pdb
